is that you Lily hey no no it's okay
it's okay
I'm not gonna hurt you parents if you've
got horror fans in the family then mama
is on their radar the good news is that
this supernatural chiller doesn't have
much blood or gore but there are still
plenty of shocks and frightening images
add in scenes of kids in danger and the
result is a creepy ghost story that's
best left to older teens Jessica
Chastain Starz's Annabelle a woman who
unexpectedly adopts two very unusual
girls her husband's nieces long
considered dead have been discovered in
a run-down forest cabin and when the
orphans move in with their new family
Annabelle realizes that something
sinister has followed the girls back
from the cabin most of the movie
suspense is based on the threat of
violence there are lots of disturbing
scenes but minimal blood some characters
are killed off screen and viewers get a
glimpse of gruesome drawings mixed in
with the chills are some strong language
and a few kisses if teen viewers can get
past the scares in this freaky flick
they might pick up a message about the
power of motherhood common sense gives
mama 2 out of 5 stars and says that it's
an iffy choice for kids aged 13 and
under for more reviews and
age-appropriate media pics check out our
mobile app or visit us at common sense
org I'm Lori Burke